README.md, before:

# awesome-qt
[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A comprehensive list of applications made with the cross platform Qt framework.


## Development
- [Cervisia](https://apps.kde.org/cervisia/) #KDE - CVS Frontend
- [Clazy](https://apps.kde.org/clazy/) #KDE - A Clang compiler plugin which emits warnings related to Qt best practices
- [ELF Dissector](https://apps.kde.org/elf-dissector/) #KDE - ELF binary inspector
- [Heaptrack](https://apps.kde.org/heaptrack/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [KAppTemplate](https://apps.kde.org/kapptemplate/) #KDE - App Code Template Generator
- [Kate](https://apps.kde.org/kate/) #KDE - Advanced Text Editor
- [KCachegrind](https://apps.kde.org/kcachegrind/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [KDebugSettings](https://apps.kde.org/kdebugsettings/) #KDE - Debug settings
- [kdesrc-build](https://apps.kde.org/kdesrc_build/) #KDE - Tool to allow you to easily build KDE software from its source repositories
- [kdesvn](https://apps.kde.org/kdesvn/) #KDE - Subversion Revision Control
- [KDevelop](https://apps.kde.org/kdevelop/) #KDE - Integrated Development Environment
- [KDiff3](https://apps.kde.org/kdiff3/) #KDE - Diff/Patch Frontend
- [KImageMapEditor](https://apps.kde.org/kimagemapeditor/) #KDE - HTML Image Map Editor
- [Kirigami Gallery](https://apps.kde.org/kirigami2.gallery/) #KDE - Widget Browser for Kirigami
- [Kompare](https://apps.kde.org/kompare/) #KDE - Diff/Patch Frontend
- [KUIViewer](https://apps.kde.org/kuiviewer/) #KDE - Qt Designer UI File Viewer
- [Lokalize](https://apps.kde.org/lokalize/) #KDE - Computer-Aided Translation System
- [Massif-Visualizer](https://apps.kde.org/massif-visualizer/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [QtCreator](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator) #C++ - A cross-platform Qt IDE
- [Rust Qt Binding Generator](https://apps.kde.org/rust_qt_binding_generator/) #KDE - Programming Binding Generator
- [Umbrello](https://apps.kde.org/umbrello/) #KDE - UML Modeller


## Education
- [Artikulate](https://apps.kde.org/artikulate/) #KDE - Artikulate Pronunciation Trainer
- [Blinken](https://apps.kde.org/blinken/) #KDE - Memory Enhancement Game
- [Cantor](https://apps.kde.org/cantor/) #KDE - Frontend to Mathematical Software
- [GCompris](https://apps.kde.org/gcompris/) #KDE - Educational Game for Children
- [KAlgebra](https://apps.kde.org/kalgebra/) #KDE - Graph Calculator
- [KAlgebra Mobile](https://apps.kde.org/kalgebramobile/) #KDE - Pocket Graph Calculator
- [Kalzium](https://apps.kde.org/kalzium/) #KDE - Periodic Table of Elements
- [Kanagram](https://apps.kde.org/kanagram/) #KDE - Letter Order Game
- [KBibTeX](https://apps.kde.org/kbibtex/) #KDE - BibTeX Editor
- [KBruch](https://apps.kde.org/kbruch/) #KDE - Exercise Fractions
- [KGeography](https://apps.kde.org/kgeography/) #KDE - Geography Trainer
- [KHangMan](https://apps.kde.org/khangman/) #KDE - Hangman Game
- [Kig](https://apps.kde.org/kig/) #KDE - Interactive Geometry
- [Kiten](https://apps.kde.org/kiten/) #KDE - Japanese Reference/Study Tool
- [KLettres](https://apps.kde.org/klettres/) #KDE - Learn The Alphabet
- [KmPlot](https://apps.kde.org/kmplot/) #KDE - Mathematical Function Plotter
- [KStars](https://apps.kde.org/kstars/) #KDE - Desktop Planetarium
- [KTechlab](https://apps.kde.org/ktechlab/) #KDE - IDE for microcontrollers and electronics
- [KTouch](https://apps.kde.org/ktouch/) #KDE - Touch Typing Tutor
- [KTurtle](https://apps.kde.org/kturtle/) #KDE - Educational Programming Environment
- [KWordQuiz](https://apps.kde.org/kwordquiz/) #KDE - Flash Card Trainer
- [LabPlot](https://apps.kde.org/labplot2/) #KDE - Data Visualization and Analysis software
- [Marble](https://apps.kde.org/marble/) #KDE - Virtual Globe
- [Minuet](https://apps.kde.org/minuet/) #KDE - Music Education Software
- [Parley](https://apps.kde.org/parley/) #KDE - Vocabulary Trainer
- [RKward](https://apps.kde.org/rkward/) #KDE - Statistics with R
- [Rocs](https://apps.kde.org/rocs/) #KDE - Rocs Graph Theory
- [Step](https://apps.kde.org/step/) #KDE - Interactive Physical Simulator

## Games
- [Atlantik](https://apps.kde.org/atlantik/) #KDE - Monopoly®-like Board Games
- [Blinken](https://apps.kde.org/blinken/) #KDE - Memory Enhancement Game
- [Bomber](https://apps.kde.org/bomber/) #KDE - Arcade Bombing Game
- [Bovo](https://apps.kde.org/bovo/) #KDE - Five-in-a-row Board Game
- [GCompris](https://apps.kde.org/gcompris/) #KDE - Educational Game for Children
- [Granatier](https://apps.kde.org/granatier/) #KDE - Bomberman clone
- [Kajongg](https://apps.kde.org/kajongg/) #KDE - Mahjong tile game from China
- [Kanagram](https://apps.kde.org/kanagram/) #KDE - Letter Order Game
- [Kapman](https://apps.kde.org/kapman/) #KDE - Pac-Man Clone
- [KAtomic](https://apps.kde.org/katomic/) #KDE - Sokoban-like Logic Game
- [KBlackbox](https://apps.kde.org/kblackbox/) #KDE - Blackbox Logic Game
- [KBlocks](https://apps.kde.org/kblocks/) #KDE - Falling Blocks Game
- [KBounce](https://apps.kde.org/kbounce/) #KDE - Ball Bouncing Game
- [KBreakOut](https://apps.kde.org/kbreakout/) #KDE - Breakout-like Game
- [KDiamond](https://apps.kde.org/kdiamond/) #KDE - Three-in-a-row game
- [KFourInLine](https://apps.kde.org/kfourinline/) #KDE - Four-in-a-row Board Game
- [KGoldrunner](https://apps.kde.org/kgoldrunner/) #KDE - Hunt Gold, Dodge Enemies and Solve Puzzles
- [KHangMan](https://apps.kde.org/khangman/) #KDE - Hangman Game
- [Kigo](https://apps.kde.org/kigo/) #KDE - Go Board Game
- [Killbots](https://apps.kde.org/killbots/) #KDE - Strategy Game with Robots
- [Kiriki](https://apps.kde.org/kiriki/) #KDE - Yahtzee-like Dice Game
- [KJumpingCube](https://apps.kde.org/kjumpingcube/) #KDE - Territory Capture Game
- [Klickety](https://apps.kde.org/klickety/) #KDE - Board Game
- [KMahjongg](https://apps.kde.org/kmahjongg/) #KDE - Mahjongg Solitaire
- [KMines](https://apps.kde.org/kmines/) #KDE - Minesweeper-like Game
- [KNetWalk](https://apps.kde.org/knetwalk/) #KDE - Network Construction Game
- [KNights](https://apps.kde.org/knights/) #KDE - Chess game
- [Kolf](https://apps.kde.org/kolf/) #KDE - Miniature Golf
- [Kollision](https://apps.kde.org/kollision/) #KDE - A simple ball dodging game
- [Kolor Lines](https://apps.kde.org/klines/) #KDE - Tactical Game
- [Konquest](https://apps.kde.org/konquest/) #KDE - Galactic Strategy Game
- [KPatience](https://apps.kde.org/kpat/) #KDE - Patience Card Game
- [KReversi](https://apps.kde.org/kreversi/) #KDE - Reversi Board Game
- [KSame](https://apps.kde.org/ksame/) #KDE - Board Game
- [KsirK](https://apps.kde.org/ksirk/) #KDE - World Domination Strategy Game
- [KShisen](https://apps.kde.org/kshisen/) #KDE - Shisen-Sho Mahjongg-like Tile Game
- [KSnakeDuel](https://apps.kde.org/ksnakeduel/) #KDE - A race in hyperspace
- [KSpaceDuel](https://apps.kde.org/kspaceduel/) #KDE - Space Arcade Game
- [KSquares](https://apps.kde.org/ksquares/) #KDE - Connect the dots to create squares
- [KSudoku](https://apps.kde.org/ksudoku/) #KDE - Sudoku Game
- [Kubrick](https://apps.kde.org/kubrick/) #KDE - 3-D Game based on Rubik's Cube
- [LSkat](https://apps.kde.org/lskat/) #KDE - Classic German Card Game
- [Naval Battle](https://apps.kde.org/knavalbattle/) #KDE - Ship Sinking Game
- [Palapeli](https://apps.kde.org/palapeli/) #KDE - Jigsaw puzzle game
- [Picmi](https://apps.kde.org/picmi/) #KDE - Logic Game
- [Potato Guy](https://apps.kde.org/ktuberling/) #KDE - Picture Game for Children
- [Rolisteam RPG Client](https://apps.kde.org/rolisteam/) #KDE - Client Companion to Rolisteam Server

## Graphics
- [digiKam](https://apps.kde.org/digikam/) #KDE - Photo Management Program
- [FreeCAD](https://github.com/FreeCAD/FreeCAD) #C++ - Open source, parametric 3D CAD software
- [Gwenview](https://apps.kde.org/gwenview/) #KDE - KDE Image Viewer
- [Ikona](https://apps.kde.org/ikona/) #KDE - Icon Preview Utility
- [KColorChooser](https://apps.kde.org/kcolorchooser/) #KDE - Color Chooser
- [KGeoTag](https://apps.kde.org/kgeotag/) #KDE - Photo geotagging program
- [KGraphViewer](https://apps.kde.org/kgraphviewer/) #KDE - Graphviz DOT graph viewer
- [Koko](https://apps.kde.org/koko/) #KDE - Image Gallery
- [KolourPaint](https://apps.kde.org/kolourpaint/) #KDE - Paint Program
- [Kontrast](https://apps.kde.org/kontrast/) #KDE - A Color Contrast Checker
- [KPhotoAlbum](https://apps.kde.org/kphotoalbum/) #KDE - Photo Album
- [Krita](https://apps.kde.org/krita/) #KDE - Digital Painting
- [KRuler](https://apps.kde.org/kruler/) #KDE - Screen Ruler
- [KXStitch](https://apps.kde.org/kxstitch/) #KDE - Cross Stitch Editor
- [LibreCAD](https://github.com/LibreCAD/LibreCAD) #C++ - Open source 2D CAD software
- [Okular](https://apps.kde.org/okular/) #KDE - Document Viewer
- [Peruse](https://apps.kde.org/peruse/) #KDE - Comic Book Reader
- [Pix](https://apps.kde.org/pix/) #KDE - Image Gallery
- [pvfViewer](https://apps.kde.org/pvfviewer/) #KDE - PC Stitch Pattern Viewer
- [Scribus](https://github.com/scribusproject/scribus) #C++ - Libre desktop publishing software
- [Showfoto](https://apps.kde.org/showfoto/) #KDE - Photo Viewer and Editor
- [Skanlite](https://apps.kde.org/skanlite/) #KDE - Image Scanning Application
- [Skanpage](https://apps.kde.org/skanpage/) #KDE - Image Scanning Application
- [SymbolEditor](https://apps.kde.org/symboleditor/) #KDE - Cross Stitch Symbol Editor

## Internet
- [Akregator](https://apps.kde.org/akregator/) #KDE - Feed Reader
- [Alligator](https://apps.kde.org/alligator/) #KDE - Feed Reader
- [Angelfish Web Browser](https://apps.kde.org/angelfish/) #KDE - Web Browser
- [Choqok](https://apps.kde.org/choqok/) #KDE - Micro-blogging Client
- [Falkon](https://apps.kde.org/falkon/) #KDE - Web Browser
- [Kaidan](https://apps.kde.org/kaidan/) #KDE - Jabber IM Client
- [Kasts](https://apps.kde.org/kasts/) #KDE - Podcast Application
- [KDE Connect](https://apps.kde.org/kdeconnect/) #KDE - Device Synchronization
- [KGet](https://apps.kde.org/kget/) #KDE - Download Manager
- [Kirogi](https://apps.kde.org/kirogi/) #KDE - Drone ground control
- [KMail](https://apps.kde.org/kmail2/) #KDE - Mail Client
- [Konqueror](https://apps.kde.org/konqueror/) #KDE - Web Browser, File Manager and Viewer
- [Konversation](https://apps.kde.org/konversation/) #KDE - IRC Client
- [Kopete](https://apps.kde.org/kopete/) #KDE - Instant Messenger
- [KRDC](https://apps.kde.org/krdc/) #KDE - Remote Desktop Client
- [Krfb](https://apps.kde.org/krfb/) #KDE - Desktop Sharing (VNC)
- [KTorrent](https://apps.kde.org/ktorrent/) #KDE - BitTorrent Client
- [KTrip](https://apps.kde.org/ktrip/) #KDE - Public transport navigator
- [NeoChat](https://apps.kde.org/neochat/) #KDE - Matrix Client
- [PIM Data Exporter](https://apps.kde.org/pimdataexporter/) #KDE - Saves and restores all data from PIM apps
- [Phone](https://apps.kde.org/phone.dialer/) #KDE - Send and receive phone calls
- [Ruqola](https://apps.kde.org/ruqola/) #KDE - Rocket.Chat client
- [Spacebar](https://apps.kde.org/spacebar/) #KDE - SMS/MMS Application
- [Tokodon](https://apps.kde.org/tokodon/) #KDE - Mastodon Client
- [Trojitá](https://apps.kde.org/trojita/) #KDE - IMAP E-mail Client
- [qBittorrent](https://github.com/qbittorrent/qBittorrent) #C++ - An open source BitTorrent client
- [qutebrowser](https://www.qutebrowser.org/) #Python - Keyboard-focused browser with a minimal GUI

## Multimedia
- [Audex](https://apps.kde.org/audex/) #KDE - CDDA Ripping
- [AudioTube](https://apps.kde.org/audiotube/) #KDE - Convergent YouTube Music client
- [Barcode Scanner](https://apps.kde.org/qrca/) #KDE - Barcode Scanner
- [Dragon Player](https://apps.kde.org/dragonplayer/) #KDE - Video Player
- [Elisa](https://apps.kde.org/elisa/) #KDE - Music Player
- [Haruna Video Player](https://apps.kde.org/haruna/) #KDE - Open source video player built with Qt/QML and libmpv.
- [JuK](https://apps.kde.org/juk/) #KDE - Music Player
- [K3b](https://apps.kde.org/k3b/) #KDE - Disk Burning
- [Kaffeine](https://apps.kde.org/kaffeine/) #KDE - Media Player
- [Kamoso](https://apps.kde.org/kamoso/) #KDE - Camera
- [Kdenlive](https://apps.kde.org/kdenlive/) #KDE - Video Editor
- [Kid3](https://apps.kde.org/kid3/) #KDE - Audio Tagger
- [KMPlayer](https://apps.kde.org/kmplayer/) #KDE - Media Player
- [KMix](https://apps.kde.org/kmix/) #KDE - Sound Mixer
- [Kwave](https://apps.kde.org/kwave/) #KDE - Sound Editor
- [PlasmaTube](https://apps.kde.org/plasmatube/) #KDE - Watch YouTube videos
- [Plasma Camera](https://apps.kde.org/plasma.camera/) #KDE - Camera Application
- [Recorder](https://apps.kde.org/krecorder/) #KDE - Audio recorder
- [Subtitle Composer](https://apps.kde.org/subtitlecomposer/) #KDE - Subtitle Editor
- [VLC](https://github.com/videolan/vlc) #C #C++ - An open source and cross platform multimedia player
- [Vvave](https://apps.kde.org/vvave/) #KDE - Audio Player

## Office
- [Basket](https://apps.kde.org/basket/) #KDE - Notes and to-dos organizer
- [Calindori](https://apps.kde.org/calindori/) #KDE - Calendar
- [Calligra Sheets](https://apps.kde.org/calligrasheets/) #KDE - Spreadsheet
- [Calligra Stage](https://apps.kde.org/calligrastage/) #KDE - Presentation
- [Calligra Words](https://apps.kde.org/calligrawords/) #KDE - Word Processor
- [KAddressBook](https://apps.kde.org/kaddressbook/) #KDE - Contact Manager
- [Kalendar](https://apps.kde.org/kalendar/) #KDE - Calendar application
- [KBibTeX](https://apps.kde.org/kbibtex/) #KDE - BibTeX Editor
- [KDE Itinerary](https://apps.kde.org/itinerary/) #KDE - Itinerary management
- [KEXI](https://apps.kde.org/kexi-3.3/) #KDE - Visual database apps builder
- [KEuroCalc](https://apps.kde.org/keurocalc/) #KDE - Currency converter and calculator
- [Kile](https://apps.kde.org/kile/) #KDE - LaTeX Frontend
- [KItinerary Command Line Extractor](https://apps.kde.org/kitinerary-extractor/) #KDE - KItinerary command line extractor
- [KMail](https://apps.kde.org/kmail2/) #KDE - Mail Client
- [KMyMoney](https://apps.kde.org/kmymoney/) #KDE - Personal Finance Manager
- [Kongress](https://apps.kde.org/kongress/) #KDE - Conference Companion
- [Kontact](https://apps.kde.org/kontact/) #KDE - Personal Information Manager
- [KOrganizer](https://apps.kde.org/korganizer/) #KDE - Personal Organizer
- [KTimeTracker](https://apps.kde.org/ktimetracker/) #KDE - Personal Time Tracker
- [Lokalize](https://apps.kde.org/lokalize/) #KDE - Computer-Aided Translation System
- [Okular](https://apps.kde.org/okular/) #KDE - Document Viewer
- [Phonebook](https://apps.kde.org/phonebook/) #KDE - View and edit contacts
- [Plan](https://apps.kde.org/calligraplan/) #KDE - Project Management
- [Skrooge](https://apps.kde.org/skrooge/) #KDE - Manage your money
- [Tellico](https://apps.kde.org/tellico/) #KDE - Collection Manager
- [Trojitá](https://apps.kde.org/trojita/) #KDE - IMAP E-mail Client

## System
- [Apper](https://apps.kde.org/apper/) #KDE - Software Management
- [Discover](https://apps.kde.org/discover/) #KDE - Software Center
- [Dolphin](https://apps.kde.org/dolphin/) #KDE - File Manager
- [Ikona](https://apps.kde.org/ikona/) #KDE - Icon Preview Utility
- [Index](https://apps.kde.org/index-fm/) #KDE - File Manager
- [ISO Image Writer](https://apps.kde.org/isoimagewriter/) #KDE - Write an ISO Image to a USB Disk
- [KDE Partition Manager](https://apps.kde.org/partitionmanager/) #KDE - Partition Editor
- [KDiskFree](https://apps.kde.org/kdf/) #KDE - View Disk Usage
- [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/) #C++ - Cross-Platform Password Manager
- [Konsole](https://apps.kde.org/konsole/) #KDE - Terminal
- [KSysGuard](https://apps.kde.org/ksysguard/) #KDE - System Monitor
- [KSystemLog](https://apps.kde.org/ksystemlog/) #KDE - System Log Viewer
- [KWalletManager](https://apps.kde.org/kwalletmanager5/) #KDE - KDE Wallet Management Tool
- [liquidshell](https://apps.kde.org/liquidshell/) #KDE - liquidshell is an alternative to plasmashell
- [Muon Package Manager](https://apps.kde.org/muon/) #KDE - Package Manager
- [Plasma System Monitor](https://apps.kde.org/plasma-systemmonitor/) #KDE - System Monitor
- [QMLKonsole](https://apps.kde.org/mobile.qmlkonsole/) #KDE - Terminal
- [QtPass](https://qtpass.org/) #C++ - GUI for pass, the standard UNIX password manager
- [Yakuake](https://apps.kde.org/yakuake/) #KDE - Drop-down Terminal

## Utilities
- [Ark](https://apps.kde.org/ark/) #KDE - Archiving Tool
- [Calculator](https://apps.kde.org/kalk/) #KDE - A feature rich calculator
- [Calindori](https://apps.kde.org/calindori/) #KDE - Calendar
- [Clock](https://apps.kde.org/kclock/) #KDE - Set alarms and timers, use a stopwatch, and manage world clocks
- [Filelight](https://apps.kde.org/filelight/) #KDE - Disk Usage Statistics
- [KAlarm](https://apps.kde.org/kalarm/) #KDE - Personal Alarm Scheduler
- [Kate](https://apps.kde.org/kate/) #KDE - Advanced Text Editor
- [KBackup](https://apps.kde.org/kbackup/) #KDE - Backup Program
- [KCalc](https://apps.kde.org/kcalc/) #KDE - Scientific Calculator
- [KCharSelect](https://apps.kde.org/kcharselect/) #KDE - Character Selector
- [KDE Itinerary](https://apps.kde.org/itinerary/) #KDE - Itinerary management
- [Keysmith](https://apps.kde.org/keysmith/) #KDE - Two-factor code generator for Plasma Mobile and Desktop
- [KFind](https://apps.kde.org/kfind/) #KDE - Find Files/Folders
- [KFloppy](https://apps.kde.org/kfloppy/) #KDE - Floppy Formatter
- [KGpg](https://apps.kde.org/kgpg/) #KDE - Encryption Tool
- [KItinerary Command Line Extractor](https://apps.kde.org/kitinerary-extractor/) #KDE - KItinerary command line extractor
- [Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/) #KDE - Certificate Manager and Unified Crypto GUI
- [KMag](https://apps.kde.org/kmag/) #KDE - Screen Magnifier
- [KMouseTool](https://apps.kde.org/kmousetool/) #KDE - Automatic Mouse Click
- [KMouth](https://apps.kde.org/kmouth/) #KDE - Speech Synthesizer Frontend
- [KNotes](https://apps.kde.org/knotes/) #KDE - Popup Notes
- [Kookbook](https://apps.kde.org/kookbook/) #KDE - Recipe manager
- [KRename](https://apps.kde.org/krename/) #KDE - Batch File Renamer
- [Kronometer](https://apps.kde.org/kronometer/) #KDE - Chronometer
- [Krusader](https://apps.kde.org/krusader/) #KDE - File Manager
- [KTeaTime](https://apps.kde.org/kteatime/) #KDE - Tea Cooker
- [KTimeTracker](https://apps.kde.org/ktimetracker/) #KDE - Personal Time Tracker
- [KTimer](https://apps.kde.org/ktimer/) #KDE - Countdown Launcher
- [KTrip](https://apps.kde.org/ktrip/) #KDE - Public transport navigator
- [KWrite](https://apps.kde.org/kwrite/) #KDE - Text Editor
- [Nota](https://apps.kde.org/nota/) #KDE - Simple Text Editor
- [Okteta](https://apps.kde.org/okteta/) #KDE - Hex Editor
- [Recorder](https://apps.kde.org/krecorder/) #KDE - Audio recorder
- [RSI Break](https://apps.kde.org/rsibreak/) #KDE - Help prevent repetitive strain injury
- [Smb4K](https://apps.kde.org/smb4k/) #KDE - Advanced Network Browser for SAMBA
- [Spectacle](https://apps.kde.org/spectacle/) #KDE - Screenshot Capture Utility
- [Sweeper](https://apps.kde.org/sweeper/) #KDE - System Cleaner
- [Vakzination](https://apps.kde.org/vakzination/) #KDE - Manage your vaccination certificates
- [Weather](https://apps.kde.org/kweather/) #KDE - View real-time weather forecasts and other information
- [Zanshin](https://apps.kde.org/zanshin/) #KDE - To Do Management Application

Commit message:

Added some applications
Added Qmmp and Plex Media Player under Multimedia
Added yubikey-manager-qt and yubioath-desktop under Utilities

README.md, after:

# awesome-qt
[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A comprehensive list of applications made with the cross platform Qt framework.


## Development
- [Cervisia](https://apps.kde.org/cervisia/) #KDE - CVS Frontend
- [Clazy](https://apps.kde.org/clazy/) #KDE - A Clang compiler plugin which emits warnings related to Qt best practices
- [ELF Dissector](https://apps.kde.org/elf-dissector/) #KDE - ELF binary inspector
- [Heaptrack](https://apps.kde.org/heaptrack/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [KAppTemplate](https://apps.kde.org/kapptemplate/) #KDE - App Code Template Generator
- [Kate](https://apps.kde.org/kate/) #KDE - Advanced Text Editor
- [KCachegrind](https://apps.kde.org/kcachegrind/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [KDebugSettings](https://apps.kde.org/kdebugsettings/) #KDE - Debug settings
- [kdesrc-build](https://apps.kde.org/kdesrc_build/) #KDE - Tool to allow you to easily build KDE software from its source repositories
- [kdesvn](https://apps.kde.org/kdesvn/) #KDE - Subversion Revision Control
- [KDevelop](https://apps.kde.org/kdevelop/) #KDE - Integrated Development Environment
- [KDiff3](https://apps.kde.org/kdiff3/) #KDE - Diff/Patch Frontend
- [KImageMapEditor](https://apps.kde.org/kimagemapeditor/) #KDE - HTML Image Map Editor
- [Kirigami Gallery](https://apps.kde.org/kirigami2.gallery/) #KDE - Widget Browser for Kirigami
- [Kompare](https://apps.kde.org/kompare/) #KDE - Diff/Patch Frontend
- [KUIViewer](https://apps.kde.org/kuiviewer/) #KDE - Qt Designer UI File Viewer
- [Lokalize](https://apps.kde.org/lokalize/) #KDE - Computer-Aided Translation System
- [Massif-Visualizer](https://apps.kde.org/massif-visualizer/) #KDE - Profiler Frontend
- [QtCreator](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator) #C++ - A cross-platform Qt IDE
- [Rust Qt Binding Generator](https://apps.kde.org/rust_qt_binding_generator/) #KDE - Programming Binding Generator
- [Umbrello](https://apps.kde.org/umbrello/) #KDE - UML Modeller


## Education
- [Artikulate](https://apps.kde.org/artikulate/) #KDE - Artikulate Pronunciation Trainer
- [Blinken](https://apps.kde.org/blinken/) #KDE - Memory Enhancement Game
- [Cantor](https://apps.kde.org/cantor/) #KDE - Frontend to Mathematical Software
- [GCompris](https://apps.kde.org/gcompris/) #KDE - Educational Game for Children
- [KAlgebra](https://apps.kde.org/kalgebra/) #KDE - Graph Calculator
- [KAlgebra Mobile](https://apps.kde.org/kalgebramobile/) #KDE - Pocket Graph Calculator
- [Kalzium](https://apps.kde.org/kalzium/) #KDE - Periodic Table of Elements
- [Kanagram](https://apps.kde.org/kanagram/) #KDE - Letter Order Game
- [KBibTeX](https://apps.kde.org/kbibtex/) #KDE - BibTeX Editor
- [KBruch](https://apps.kde.org/kbruch/) #KDE - Exercise Fractions
- [KGeography](https://apps.kde.org/kgeography/) #KDE - Geography Trainer
- [KHangMan](https://apps.kde.org/khangman/) #KDE - Hangman Game
- [Kig](https://apps.kde.org/kig/) #KDE - Interactive Geometry
- [Kiten](https://apps.kde.org/kiten/) #KDE - Japanese Reference/Study Tool
- [KLettres](https://apps.kde.org/klettres/) #KDE - Learn The Alphabet
- [KmPlot](https://apps.kde.org/kmplot/) #KDE - Mathematical Function Plotter
- [KStars](https://apps.kde.org/kstars/) #KDE - Desktop Planetarium
- [KTechlab](https://apps.kde.org/ktechlab/) #KDE - IDE for microcontrollers and electronics
- [KTouch](https://apps.kde.org/ktouch/) #KDE - Touch Typing Tutor
- [KTurtle](https://apps.kde.org/kturtle/) #KDE - Educational Programming Environment
- [KWordQuiz](https://apps.kde.org/kwordquiz/) #KDE - Flash Card Trainer
- [LabPlot](https://apps.kde.org/labplot2/) #KDE - Data Visualization and Analysis software
- [Marble](https://apps.kde.org/marble/) #KDE - Virtual Globe
- [Minuet](https://apps.kde.org/minuet/) #KDE - Music Education Software
- [Parley](https://apps.kde.org/parley/) #KDE - Vocabulary Trainer
- [RKward](https://apps.kde.org/rkward/) #KDE - Statistics with R
- [Rocs](https://apps.kde.org/rocs/) #KDE - Rocs Graph Theory
- [Step](https://apps.kde.org/step/) #KDE - Interactive Physical Simulator

## Games
- [Atlantik](https://apps.kde.org/atlantik/) #KDE - Monopoly®-like Board Games
- [Blinken](https://apps.kde.org/blinken/) #KDE - Memory Enhancement Game
- [Bomber](https://apps.kde.org/bomber/) #KDE - Arcade Bombing Game
- [Bovo](https://apps.kde.org/bovo/) #KDE - Five-in-a-row Board Game
- [GCompris](https://apps.kde.org/gcompris/) #KDE - Educational Game for Children
- [Granatier](https://apps.kde.org/granatier/) #KDE - Bomberman clone
- [Kajongg](https://apps.kde.org/kajongg/) #KDE - Mahjong tile game from China
- [Kanagram](https://apps.kde.org/kanagram/) #KDE - Letter Order Game
- [Kapman](https://apps.kde.org/kapman/) #KDE - Pac-Man Clone
- [KAtomic](https://apps.kde.org/katomic/) #KDE - Sokoban-like Logic Game
- [KBlackbox](https://apps.kde.org/kblackbox/) #KDE - Blackbox Logic Game
- [KBlocks](https://apps.kde.org/kblocks/) #KDE - Falling Blocks Game
- [KBounce](https://apps.kde.org/kbounce/) #KDE - Ball Bouncing Game
- [KBreakOut](https://apps.kde.org/kbreakout/) #KDE - Breakout-like Game
- [KDiamond](https://apps.kde.org/kdiamond/) #KDE - Three-in-a-row game
- [KFourInLine](https://apps.kde.org/kfourinline/) #KDE - Four-in-a-row Board Game
- [KGoldrunner](https://apps.kde.org/kgoldrunner/) #KDE - Hunt Gold, Dodge Enemies and Solve Puzzles
- [KHangMan](https://apps.kde.org/khangman/) #KDE - Hangman Game
- [Kigo](https://apps.kde.org/kigo/) #KDE - Go Board Game
- [Killbots](https://apps.kde.org/killbots/) #KDE - Strategy Game with Robots
- [Kiriki](https://apps.kde.org/kiriki/) #KDE - Yahtzee-like Dice Game
- [KJumpingCube](https://apps.kde.org/kjumpingcube/) #KDE - Territory Capture Game
- [Klickety](https://apps.kde.org/klickety/) #KDE - Board Game
- [KMahjongg](https://apps.kde.org/kmahjongg/) #KDE - Mahjongg Solitaire
- [KMines](https://apps.kde.org/kmines/) #KDE - Minesweeper-like Game
- [KNetWalk](https://apps.kde.org/knetwalk/) #KDE - Network Construction Game
- [KNights](https://apps.kde.org/knights/) #KDE - Chess game
- [Kolf](https://apps.kde.org/kolf/) #KDE - Miniature Golf
- [Kollision](https://apps.kde.org/kollision/) #KDE - A simple ball dodging game
- [Kolor Lines](https://apps.kde.org/klines/) #KDE - Tactical Game
- [Konquest](https://apps.kde.org/konquest/) #KDE - Galactic Strategy Game
- [KPatience](https://apps.kde.org/kpat/) #KDE - Patience Card Game
- [KReversi](https://apps.kde.org/kreversi/) #KDE - Reversi Board Game
- [KSame](https://apps.kde.org/ksame/) #KDE - Board Game
- [KsirK](https://apps.kde.org/ksirk/) #KDE - World Domination Strategy Game
- [KShisen](https://apps.kde.org/kshisen/) #KDE - Shisen-Sho Mahjongg-like Tile Game
- [KSnakeDuel](https://apps.kde.org/ksnakeduel/) #KDE - A race in hyperspace
- [KSpaceDuel](https://apps.kde.org/kspaceduel/) #KDE - Space Arcade Game
- [KSquares](https://apps.kde.org/ksquares/) #KDE - Connect the dots to create squares
- [KSudoku](https://apps.kde.org/ksudoku/) #KDE - Sudoku Game
- [Kubrick](https://apps.kde.org/kubrick/) #KDE - 3-D Game based on Rubik's Cube
- [LSkat](https://apps.kde.org/lskat/) #KDE - Classic German Card Game
- [Naval Battle](https://apps.kde.org/knavalbattle/) #KDE - Ship Sinking Game
- [Palapeli](https://apps.kde.org/palapeli/) #KDE - Jigsaw puzzle game
- [Picmi](https://apps.kde.org/picmi/) #KDE - Logic Game
- [Potato Guy](https://apps.kde.org/ktuberling/) #KDE - Picture Game for Children
- [Rolisteam RPG Client](https://apps.kde.org/rolisteam/) #KDE - Client Companion to Rolisteam Server

## Graphics
- [digiKam](https://apps.kde.org/digikam/) #KDE - Photo Management Program
- [FreeCAD](https://github.com/FreeCAD/FreeCAD) #C++ - Open source, parametric 3D CAD software
- [Gwenview](https://apps.kde.org/gwenview/) #KDE - KDE Image Viewer
- [Ikona](https://apps.kde.org/ikona/) #KDE - Icon Preview Utility
- [KColorChooser](https://apps.kde.org/kcolorchooser/) #KDE - Color Chooser
- [KGeoTag](https://apps.kde.org/kgeotag/) #KDE - Photo geotagging program
- [KGraphViewer](https://apps.kde.org/kgraphviewer/) #KDE - Graphviz DOT graph viewer
- [Koko](https://apps.kde.org/koko/) #KDE - Image Gallery
- [KolourPaint](https://apps.kde.org/kolourpaint/) #KDE - Paint Program
- [Kontrast](https://apps.kde.org/kontrast/) #KDE - A Color Contrast Checker
- [KPhotoAlbum](https://apps.kde.org/kphotoalbum/) #KDE - Photo Album
- [Krita](https://apps.kde.org/krita/) #KDE - Digital Painting
- [KRuler](https://apps.kde.org/kruler/) #KDE - Screen Ruler
- [KXStitch](https://apps.kde.org/kxstitch/) #KDE - Cross Stitch Editor
- [LibreCAD](https://github.com/LibreCAD/LibreCAD) #C++ - Open source 2D CAD software
- [Okular](https://apps.kde.org/okular/) #KDE - Document Viewer
- [Peruse](https://apps.kde.org/peruse/) #KDE - Comic Book Reader
- [Pix](https://apps.kde.org/pix/) #KDE - Image Gallery
- [pvfViewer](https://apps.kde.org/pvfviewer/) #KDE - PC Stitch Pattern Viewer
- [Scribus](https://github.com/scribusproject/scribus) #C++ - Libre desktop publishing software
- [Showfoto](https://apps.kde.org/showfoto/) #KDE - Photo Viewer and Editor
- [Skanlite](https://apps.kde.org/skanlite/) #KDE - Image Scanning Application
- [Skanpage](https://apps.kde.org/skanpage/) #KDE - Image Scanning Application
- [SymbolEditor](https://apps.kde.org/symboleditor/) #KDE - Cross Stitch Symbol Editor

## Internet
- [Akregator](https://apps.kde.org/akregator/) #KDE - Feed Reader
- [Alligator](https://apps.kde.org/alligator/) #KDE - Feed Reader
- [Angelfish Web Browser](https://apps.kde.org/angelfish/) #KDE - Web Browser
- [Choqok](https://apps.kde.org/choqok/) #KDE - Micro-blogging Client
- [Falkon](https://apps.kde.org/falkon/) #KDE - Web Browser
- [Kaidan](https://apps.kde.org/kaidan/) #KDE - Jabber IM Client
- [Kasts](https://apps.kde.org/kasts/) #KDE - Podcast Application
- [KDE Connect](https://apps.kde.org/kdeconnect/) #KDE - Device Synchronization
- [KGet](https://apps.kde.org/kget/) #KDE - Download Manager
- [Kirogi](https://apps.kde.org/kirogi/) #KDE - Drone ground control
- [KMail](https://apps.kde.org/kmail2/) #KDE - Mail Client
- [Konqueror](https://apps.kde.org/konqueror/) #KDE - Web Browser, File Manager and Viewer
- [Konversation](https://apps.kde.org/konversation/) #KDE - IRC Client
- [Kopete](https://apps.kde.org/kopete/) #KDE - Instant Messenger
- [KRDC](https://apps.kde.org/krdc/) #KDE - Remote Desktop Client
- [Krfb](https://apps.kde.org/krfb/) #KDE - Desktop Sharing (VNC)
- [KTorrent](https://apps.kde.org/ktorrent/) #KDE - BitTorrent Client
- [KTrip](https://apps.kde.org/ktrip/) #KDE - Public transport navigator
- [NeoChat](https://apps.kde.org/neochat/) #KDE - Matrix Client
- [PIM Data Exporter](https://apps.kde.org/pimdataexporter/) #KDE - Saves and restores all data from PIM apps
- [Phone](https://apps.kde.org/phone.dialer/) #KDE - Send and receive phone calls
- [Ruqola](https://apps.kde.org/ruqola/) #KDE - Rocket.Chat client
- [Spacebar](https://apps.kde.org/spacebar/) #KDE - SMS/MMS Application
- [Tokodon](https://apps.kde.org/tokodon/) #KDE - Mastodon Client
- [Trojitá](https://apps.kde.org/trojita/) #KDE - IMAP E-mail Client
- [qBittorrent](https://github.com/qbittorrent/qBittorrent) #C++ - An open source BitTorrent client
- [qutebrowser](https://www.qutebrowser.org/) #Python - Keyboard-focused browser with a minimal GUI

## Multimedia
- [Audex](https://apps.kde.org/audex/) #KDE - CDDA Ripping
- [AudioTube](https://apps.kde.org/audiotube/) #KDE - Convergent YouTube Music client
- [Barcode Scanner](https://apps.kde.org/qrca/) #KDE - Barcode Scanner
- [Dragon Player](https://apps.kde.org/dragonplayer/) #KDE - Video Player
- [Elisa](https://apps.kde.org/elisa/) #KDE - Music Player
- [Haruna Video Player](https://apps.kde.org/haruna/) #KDE - Open source video player built with Qt/QML and libmpv.
- [JuK](https://apps.kde.org/juk/) #KDE - Music Player
- [K3b](https://apps.kde.org/k3b/) #KDE - Disk Burning
- [Kaffeine](https://apps.kde.org/kaffeine/) #KDE - Media Player
- [Kamoso](https://apps.kde.org/kamoso/) #KDE - Camera
- [Kdenlive](https://apps.kde.org/kdenlive/) #KDE - Video Editor
- [Kid3](https://apps.kde.org/kid3/) #KDE - Audio Tagger
- [KMPlayer](https://apps.kde.org/kmplayer/) #KDE - Media Player
- [KMix](https://apps.kde.org/kmix/) #KDE - Sound Mixer
- [Kwave](https://apps.kde.org/kwave/) #KDE - Sound Editor
- [PlasmaTube](https://apps.kde.org/plasmatube/) #KDE - Watch YouTube videos
- [Plasma Camera](https://apps.kde.org/plasma.camera/) #KDE - Camera Application
- [Plex Media Payer](https://plex.tv) #C++ - Front end for Plex Media Server using Qt and qtwebengine
- [Qmmp](https://qmmp.ylsoftware.com/) #C++ - Qt based media player
- [Recorder](https://apps.kde.org/krecorder/) #KDE - Audio recorder
- [Subtitle Composer](https://apps.kde.org/subtitlecomposer/) #KDE - Subtitle Editor
- [VLC](https://github.com/videolan/vlc) #C #C++ - An open source and cross platform multimedia player
- [Vvave](https://apps.kde.org/vvave/) #KDE - Audio Player

## Office
- [Basket](https://apps.kde.org/basket/) #KDE - Notes and to-dos organizer
- [Calindori](https://apps.kde.org/calindori/) #KDE - Calendar
- [Calligra Sheets](https://apps.kde.org/calligrasheets/) #KDE - Spreadsheet
- [Calligra Stage](https://apps.kde.org/calligrastage/) #KDE - Presentation
- [Calligra Words](https://apps.kde.org/calligrawords/) #KDE - Word Processor
- [KAddressBook](https://apps.kde.org/kaddressbook/) #KDE - Contact Manager
- [Kalendar](https://apps.kde.org/kalendar/) #KDE - Calendar application
- [KBibTeX](https://apps.kde.org/kbibtex/) #KDE - BibTeX Editor
- [KDE Itinerary](https://apps.kde.org/itinerary/) #KDE - Itinerary management
- [KEXI](https://apps.kde.org/kexi-3.3/) #KDE - Visual database apps builder
- [KEuroCalc](https://apps.kde.org/keurocalc/) #KDE - Currency converter and calculator
- [Kile](https://apps.kde.org/kile/) #KDE - LaTeX Frontend
- [KItinerary Command Line Extractor](https://apps.kde.org/kitinerary-extractor/) #KDE - KItinerary command line extractor
- [KMail](https://apps.kde.org/kmail2/) #KDE - Mail Client
- [KMyMoney](https://apps.kde.org/kmymoney/) #KDE - Personal Finance Manager
- [Kongress](https://apps.kde.org/kongress/) #KDE - Conference Companion
- [Kontact](https://apps.kde.org/kontact/) #KDE - Personal Information Manager
- [KOrganizer](https://apps.kde.org/korganizer/) #KDE - Personal Organizer
- [KTimeTracker](https://apps.kde.org/ktimetracker/) #KDE - Personal Time Tracker
- [Lokalize](https://apps.kde.org/lokalize/) #KDE - Computer-Aided Translation System
- [Okular](https://apps.kde.org/okular/) #KDE - Document Viewer
- [Phonebook](https://apps.kde.org/phonebook/) #KDE - View and edit contacts
- [Plan](https://apps.kde.org/calligraplan/) #KDE - Project Management
- [Skrooge](https://apps.kde.org/skrooge/) #KDE - Manage your money
- [Tellico](https://apps.kde.org/tellico/) #KDE - Collection Manager
- [Trojitá](https://apps.kde.org/trojita/) #KDE - IMAP E-mail Client

## System
- [Apper](https://apps.kde.org/apper/) #KDE - Software Management
- [Discover](https://apps.kde.org/discover/) #KDE - Software Center
- [Dolphin](https://apps.kde.org/dolphin/) #KDE - File Manager
- [Ikona](https://apps.kde.org/ikona/) #KDE - Icon Preview Utility
- [Index](https://apps.kde.org/index-fm/) #KDE - File Manager
- [ISO Image Writer](https://apps.kde.org/isoimagewriter/) #KDE - Write an ISO Image to a USB Disk
- [KDE Partition Manager](https://apps.kde.org/partitionmanager/) #KDE - Partition Editor
- [KDiskFree](https://apps.kde.org/kdf/) #KDE - View Disk Usage
- [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/) #C++ - Cross-Platform Password Manager
- [Konsole](https://apps.kde.org/konsole/) #KDE - Terminal
- [KSysGuard](https://apps.kde.org/ksysguard/) #KDE - System Monitor
- [KSystemLog](https://apps.kde.org/ksystemlog/) #KDE - System Log Viewer
- [KWalletManager](https://apps.kde.org/kwalletmanager5/) #KDE - KDE Wallet Management Tool
- [liquidshell](https://apps.kde.org/liquidshell/) #KDE - liquidshell is an alternative to plasmashell
- [Muon Package Manager](https://apps.kde.org/muon/) #KDE - Package Manager
- [Plasma System Monitor](https://apps.kde.org/plasma-systemmonitor/) #KDE - System Monitor
- [QMLKonsole](https://apps.kde.org/mobile.qmlkonsole/) #KDE - Terminal
- [QtPass](https://qtpass.org/) #C++ - GUI for pass, the standard UNIX password manager
- [Yakuake](https://apps.kde.org/yakuake/) #KDE - Drop-down Terminal

## Utilities
- [Ark](https://apps.kde.org/ark/) #KDE - Archiving Tool
- [Calculator](https://apps.kde.org/kalk/) #KDE - A feature rich calculator
- [Calindori](https://apps.kde.org/calindori/) #KDE - Calendar
- [Clock](https://apps.kde.org/kclock/) #KDE - Set alarms and timers, use a stopwatch, and manage world clocks
- [Filelight](https://apps.kde.org/filelight/) #KDE - Disk Usage Statistics
- [KAlarm](https://apps.kde.org/kalarm/) #KDE - Personal Alarm Scheduler
- [Kate](https://apps.kde.org/kate/) #KDE - Advanced Text Editor
- [KBackup](https://apps.kde.org/kbackup/) #KDE - Backup Program
- [KCalc](https://apps.kde.org/kcalc/) #KDE - Scientific Calculator
- [KCharSelect](https://apps.kde.org/kcharselect/) #KDE - Character Selector
- [KDE Itinerary](https://apps.kde.org/itinerary/) #KDE - Itinerary management
- [Keysmith](https://apps.kde.org/keysmith/) #KDE - Two-factor code generator for Plasma Mobile and Desktop
- [KFind](https://apps.kde.org/kfind/) #KDE - Find Files/Folders
- [KFloppy](https://apps.kde.org/kfloppy/) #KDE - Floppy Formatter
- [KGpg](https://apps.kde.org/kgpg/) #KDE - Encryption Tool
- [KItinerary Command Line Extractor](https://apps.kde.org/kitinerary-extractor/) #KDE - KItinerary command line extractor
- [Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/) #KDE - Certificate Manager and Unified Crypto GUI
- [KMag](https://apps.kde.org/kmag/) #KDE - Screen Magnifier
- [KMouseTool](https://apps.kde.org/kmousetool/) #KDE - Automatic Mouse Click
- [KMouth](https://apps.kde.org/kmouth/) #KDE - Speech Synthesizer Frontend
- [KNotes](https://apps.kde.org/knotes/) #KDE - Popup Notes
- [Kookbook](https://apps.kde.org/kookbook/) #KDE - Recipe manager
- [KRename](https://apps.kde.org/krename/) #KDE - Batch File Renamer
- [Kronometer](https://apps.kde.org/kronometer/) #KDE - Chronometer
- [Krusader](https://apps.kde.org/krusader/) #KDE - File Manager
- [KTeaTime](https://apps.kde.org/kteatime/) #KDE - Tea Cooker
- [KTimeTracker](https://apps.kde.org/ktimetracker/) #KDE - Personal Time Tracker
- [KTimer](https://apps.kde.org/ktimer/) #KDE - Countdown Launcher
- [KTrip](https://apps.kde.org/ktrip/) #KDE - Public transport navigator
- [KWrite](https://apps.kde.org/kwrite/) #KDE - Text Editor
- [Nota](https://apps.kde.org/nota/) #KDE - Simple Text Editor
- [Okteta](https://apps.kde.org/okteta/) #KDE - Hex Editor
- [Recorder](https://apps.kde.org/krecorder/) #KDE - Audio recorder
- [RSI Break](https://apps.kde.org/rsibreak/) #KDE - Help prevent repetitive strain injury
- [Smb4K](https://apps.kde.org/smb4k/) #KDE - Advanced Network Browser for SAMBA
- [Spectacle](https://apps.kde.org/spectacle/) #KDE - Screenshot Capture Utility
- [Sweeper](https://apps.kde.org/sweeper/) #KDE - System Cleaner
- [Vakzination](https://apps.kde.org/vakzination/) #KDE - Manage your vaccination certificates
- [Weather](https://apps.kde.org/kweather/) #KDE - View real-time weather forecasts and other information
- [yubikey-manager-qt](https://developers.yubico.com/yubikey-manager-qt/) #C++ - Manager application for USB Yubikeys
- [yubioath-desktop](https://developers.yubico.com/yubioath-desktop/) #Python - Utility for generating OATH TOTP and HOTP one-time password codes for Yubikeys
- [Zanshin](https://apps.kde.org/zanshin/) #KDE - To Do Management Application
